Add clarification for route match behavior (#19363)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults.mdx

- `PathPrefix`
- `PathRegex`

> For a given request, the first matching route will be applied, if any. Refer to [Examples](#enable-request-rate-limit-on-a-prefixed-path) for example configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consul applies the rate limit configuration to the first matching route for each request. Refer to [Examples](#enable-request-rate-limit-on-a-prefixed-path) for example configurations.
```
Active voice and present tense.
